." Manpage for cli-ai-search"
." Contact elvizakos@yahoo.gr for errors or typos."
."    Copyright (C) 2026  Nikos Skarmoutsos."
."    Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document"
."    under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3"
."    or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation;"
."    with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts."
."    A copy of the license is included in the section entitled \"GNU"
."    Free Documentation License\"."

.TH CLI-AI-SEARCH 1 "13 Jan 2026" "%%VERSION%%" "cli-ai-search Manual"

.SH NAME
cli-ai-search - Semantic search for the terminal

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B cli-ai-search [\fIGLOBAL_ARGUMENTS\fR] COMMAND [\fIARGUMENTS\fR]

.B cli-ai-search
\-h

.B cli-ai-search
\-\-help

.B cli-ai-search
\-v

.B cli-ai-search
\-\-version

.SH DESCRIPTION
cli-ai-search is semantic search tool for the linux terminal.

.SH GLOBAL_ARGUMENTS

.PP
.B \-h, \-\-help
.RS 4
Prints help. Ignores all other arguments.
.RE

.PP
.B \-v, \-\-version
.RS 4
Prints the version number to the screen. Ignores all other arguments.
.RE

.SH COMMANDS

.PP
.B add \fIPATH_TO_FILE\fR
.RS 4
Add a document in the database. The database file or host, username and password must be set in the config file.

.B PATH_TO_FILE
.RS 4
Path to the document to be added to the database.
.RE

.B \-h, \-\-help
.RS 4
(optional) Show help for the add command. If this is set, all other arguments will be ignored.
.RE

.RE

.PP
.B build
.RS 4
Builds the database structure.

.B \-h, \-\-help
.RS 4
(optional) Show help for the build command. If this is set, all other arguments will be ignored.
.RE

.RE

.PP
.B embed
.RS 4
Uses an embed model to generate embedding vector for the given text.

.B \-h, \-\-help
.RS 4
(optional) Show help for the embed command. If this is set, all other arguments will be ignored.
.RE

.RE

.PP
.B install
.RS 4
Install the package.

.B \-h, \-\-help
.RS 4
(optional) Show help for the install command. If this is set, all other arguments will be ignored.
.RE

.RE

.PP
.B scan
.RS 4
Scans a directory and it's subdirectories for documents and adds them to database.

.B \-h, \-\-help
.RS 4
(optional) Show help for the install command. If this is set, all other arguments will be ignored.
.RE

.RE

.PP
.B search
.RS 4
Does semantic search to all documents in database based on the given query.

.B \-h, \-\-help
.RS 4
(optional) Show help for the search command. If this is set, all other arguments will be ignored.
.RE

.RE

.PP
.B watch
.RS 4
Starts or stops watching a directory and it's subdirectories for changes and automatically updates the documents in that directory.

.B \-h, \-\-help
.RS 4
(optional) Show help for the watch command. If this is set, all other arguments will be ignored.
.RE

.RE

.SH SEE ALSO
cli-ai-search

.SH BUGS
No known bugs.

.SH AUTHOR
Nikos Skarmoutsos (elvizakos@yahoo.gr)
